hey you guys it's me Keanu coming at you
today the reason why we're coming at I'm
coming at y'all today is because as you
know many of my subscribers also are
subscribed to sexy Tina and if you
following her videos you will know that
she actually went into surgery today and
although we laugh and we talk and we act
a fool when we act a nut
we always place God first that's that's
a must so I'm just going to do a mass
prayer if you all bow your heads and
also going to agree with me the Word of
God tells us that when two or more
gathered then God is in the midst so
we're going to raise Tina up and we're
going to pray for her we're going to
pray for the hands of a surgeon we're
going to pray that goal at God pulls her
through which we know he will we're all
just gonna stand in agreement and and
we're gonna definitely hold her off in
prayer so if you guys would participate
with me I appreciate it we're going to
begin
thank you lot
Lord we come to you humbly today we come
to you humbly gonna be half of our
fontina Lord she goes in for surgery
today we know that the doctors they're
just doing what they've been trained to
do but we know that there is a doctor
above all doctors and we're calling you
today Lord Tube not only pull her
through but to pull her through yet a
better woman Lord Lord we know that at
times we don't do what we need to do and
do what we should do but we are your
children Lord we are your children and
I'm coming at you today on behalf of
Tina and everybody else Lord Lord I'm
standing in the gap for her and I know
that sometimes standing in a gap the
devil attacks you and I know this is
true but Lord I'm standing at a gap
between Tina Lord Lord I asked you to
bless the surgeons hands Lord I actually
to bless everyone in that cert on
surgery from Lord I asked you to touch
her heart lord I ask you to touch a
children's heart Lord and I asked you to
keep them but I actually keep her
husband and any friends that she may
know Lord
I ask you to touch her Lord touch up
from the crown of her head through the
soles of her feet Lord but I come to you
and I know that I'm a sinner Lord and I
that's that's all I am Lord but father
God you know my heart and you know my
desires Lord and I actually the day Lord
that I ask you just to heal her body
Lord
I actually turn around every and
anything that made me forced up against
her Lord any any elements any any issues
any anything that's unclean lord I ask
you remove it from my heart and I bind
those spirits uploaded I blind little
spirits and set them to the pit of hell
which they came Lord father God I just
asked you to just keep my viewers as
well know it
and I know that we don't do things that
we're not so we do things that we're not
supposed to do at times Lord but we are
human Lord and our desires of our heart
is to follow you God know what I
actually to continue to work on me and
continue to move in my life so that I
could work and help others please Lord I
ask you all of these things in Jesus
name all of these things in Jesus name
and we all say Amen y'all I just wanted
y'all to just keep Justina in prayer
also keep much loved Kentucky and
Kentucky and prayer as well we all
follow both of them we know the things
that are they're going through we're
just going to bind those spirits up
we're just going to bind those elements
against their body up and we're gonna
trust and believe in the Lord and I
believe in his word that's what we're
gonna stand on so I just want you guys
to not only just pray with me right then
and there but to continue to pray for
these two and as well I will continue to
pray for all of you so thank you all for
participating in that I have a run to do
today running somebody a couple of
people to when our transportation
service to a jail or local jails so I
will be getting back to you guys later
on this evening last night YouTube was
trippin and we was already I mean we set
up for about a hour and a half trying to
do this video the couples were all talk
with all your questions well YouTube was
doing maintenance it just happen to be
doing maintenance and daddy was ready to
use a rare foot rare for so I'm we're
going to do that today though
so we have all y'all questions we have
your questions that you posted on the
video that I just did before this one
and also I have your questions from the
first couple rules how we're going to
tackle all of that for you guys just to
give you a male point of view and also
Maya point of view which y'all know
gonna be off the hook but anyway I thank
you all for listening participating and
continue to put um to hold these two
people up in prayer it's sexy Tina and
all so much love Kentucky thank you so
much oh and you got my family that's
just how it is so I love you all
eat less